Is Artificial Intelligence the Future?

Artificial intelligence is basically intelligence demonstrated by machines/computers, as opposed to the natural intelligence displayed by humans or animals but composed with the same learning technique.Artificial intelligence is influencing the future of almost every industry/application and every human being. Artificial intelligence has been a major driver of emerging technologies such as big data, robotics, and IoT, and will continue to play a important role in the innovation of technology and advances for the benifit of mankind and better future.
Artificial intelligence is drastically important to our future because AI forms the very foundation of computer learning. Through AI, computers have the ability to harness massive amounts of data and use their learned intelligence to make optimal decisions and discoveries in fractions of the time that it would take humans.
Artificial intelligence comes with the technology of automation which is the future , as in sectors like automobiles industry , most of the work is now done and depends on automation which lead to less use of human power and less defects , this is how AI has captured these industries and becoming the future of these industries .AI is projected to have a lasting impact on just about every industry imaginable. We’re already seeing artificial intelligence in our smart devices, cars, healthcare system and favorite apps, and we’ll continue to see its influence permeate deeper into many other industries for the foreseeable future.The technology has developed cars which can drive without drivers, hence another example of replacing human by machine , Although replacing humans is loosing jobs but the technology comes up with a wide range of jobs creation in various filed such as automation , machine learning and computer vision.
Nowadays we are dependent on AI only , talking with our mobile devices we use on daily basis all these things are managed by AI , the suggestion , the recommedation ... all are done by AI which helps us in decision making frequently , making our job easier and life hustle less.
therefor yes , AI is the future and we have to live and emerge with that.
