Just like coming from a mathematics and statistics background, learning data science will statically help you find hidden solutions in your data to fulfill your business challenges and goals.Learning data science with the right tools and techniques can be a game changer for anyone looking for quality work where they can also show their visibility and credibility. The world today needs more data scientists enthusiasts to make an optimal use of the existing technology and more importantly to heal itself through the technical charisma of data science.Additionally, data science is currently one of the most attractive jobs in the data-driven world, and according to Linkedin's report on Emerging Jobs, the data scientist job has held the #1 spot for more than three consecutive years. Also, if you choose adapt Data Science, it's open to everyone because you don't need high programming skills or a very high educational background/degree to learn the nuances of data science.The versatility of data science opens a wide range of roles and opportunities in the field of data science. All of these yield different results, but they are all interrelated: data scientists, data analysts, data engineers, and machine learning engineers.
One of the major factor which encourages people to choose data science because there is little competition submitted. Although not a complete beginner compared to other traditional IT jobs, data science is still new and growing at a rapid pace. This growth rate has spurred tremendous demand for data scientists and related roles in the job market. The less competition, the more opportunities you have to get hired and the significant growth rate in this field is a golden opportunity for aspiring data science candidates.
Freelancing in this area is climbing the charts and promises a good prospect in the years to come.Data science that holds a plethora of roles, is not untouched by the concept of freelancing. With sound knowledge and practice in data science, you can offer or opt for freelancing jobs, instead of going by the traditional mode. 
So above factors like easy to learn and adapt, diversity in profile , high salary , freelancing make data science field attracts everyone to choose and draw carrier in this filed .
